[Actions][Docs] Updated ServiceNow docs with information about the user permissions for making CRUD operations. (#108642)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/connectors/action-types/servicenow.asciidoc

Username::  Username for HTTP Basic authentication.
Password::  Password for HTTP Basic authentication.

> The ServiceNow user requires at minimum read/create/update access to the Incident table and read access to the sys_choice. If access is not provided to sys_choice, then the choices will not render.

Reviewer: What is `sys_choice`? Is it a table?

Author: Yes, this is a table on the ServiceNow side https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/paris-platform-administration/page/administer/localization/reference/r_ChoicesTable.html which is used to populate dropdown values for incident form

> The ServiceNow user requires at minimum read/create/update access to the Incident table and read access to the sys_choice. If access is not provided to sys_choice, then the choices will not render.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ServiceNow user requires at minimum read, create, and update access to the Incident table and read access to the sys_choice. If you don't provide access to sys_choice, then the choices will not render.
```

Suggest making sys_choice a link to the documentation.
